1. Keep your Akladian loyal units alive. 
2. Harvest XP for Lorin, Gawen and your loyal units. Lorin is a real killing
   machine when she has enough XP. She has skirmisher, so use it.
3. First two scenarios are for getting as much gold and as much XP as possible.
   Use this possibility. I balanced campaign assuming player have at least three
   Akladian loyal units from first three scenarios. It is possible to have five
   3rd level loyal units after first three scenarios.
4. Clansmen are cheap. They die easily, but in some scenarios you may use them
   to keep your more valuable units alive. Also, you can use them to delay
   advance of enemies.
5. In some campaigns you get the advices, sometimes innocently hidden within a
   dialogue or someone's message. 
6. Some campaigns can be very quickly and easily finished --- for example,
   some leaders are cowards; some can be convinced to join you. 
7. Interrogate the enemy leaders.
8. When facing Akladians, look at their weak points -- they are very low on HP,
   but they have high resistance... with some exceptions. In other words, as it
   was put in the forums, they hate mages for a reason.
9. Don't rely on save/reload tactic. If you will, you will never become better
   player. All scenarios are winnable with suitable tactics, and they do not
   require a perfect playing. I am sloppy player, and I balanced a game
   so I can made errors, lose units and yet still win. So can you.
10.The HARD level of difficulty is for hardcore players. If you are not hardcore
   player, play it on normal. When I wrote "Impossible", I meant it. But then,
   if you are hardcore player, you may feel dissapointed (see 14. below).
11.In many scenarios the sensible tactics is to concentrate on a single enemy, and
   not (emphatically *not*) fighting with two or more in the same time.
12.Sometimes it's worth to not to recall units, and wait a bit. It saves gold.
13.Sometimes, even if you have all high 3-level units, it's worth to recruit
   peasants or clansman -- and treat them as live shields to protect your
   more valuable units (for example, AI may choose to target those, instead of
   finishing 3rd level unit. This is definetely AI algorithm weakness, so I 
   don't know how long this advice will be useful).
14.It is possible to have even 12 loyal 3rd level units. And with those,
   a lot of scenarios are simply walkovers, even on HARD.
15.Sometimes it is worth to leave some enemy units alive, just to get chance
   to earn more XP for other units.
16.Finally, sometimes it is worth to NOT attack or move your units during your
   turn.  Even if with attack you may finish some enemy unit, even if it will
   cost your valuable loyal 3rd level unit only a single HP, this single HP may
   decide about life or death of your unit during enemy retaliation phase.

And remember: our only reward is the comment from the players. If you like it,
register in forums and praise it. If you didn't, register in forums and say what
you didn't like. 

Sometimes AI behaves VERY strange. It was tuned for wesnoth 0.9.3 and now...
Let's just say we (creator and maintainers) have no time to correct it, but if
someone has time, I will welcome the patches.

If you have more general advices, sent them to forum. GENERAL advice, i.e. not
of the kind "in scenario X do this". However, if you have a complete WALKTHROUGH,
we may include it within the campaign.

A.D.D.
